Subcategories (#861)
UniMath/agda-unimath: src/foundation/singleton-induction.lagda.md

## Idea

**Singleton induction** on a type `A` equipped with a point `a : A` is a
principle analogous to the induction principle of the
[unit type](foundation.unit-type.md). A type satisfies singleton induction if
and only if it is [contractible](foundation-core.contractible-types.md).

> Singelton induction states that given a type family `B` over `A`, to construct a
> section of `B` it suffices to construct a section over `a`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Singleton induction states that given a type family `B` over `A`, to construct a
section of `B` it suffices to construct an element in `B a`.
```

Note that a section is a choice of element of each fiber.

Author: Fixed. I may note that the previous terminology was not wrong, but the suggested one is probably less confusing to newcomers

  is-contr-is-singleton :
    {l1 : Level} (A : UU l1) (a : A) →
    ({l2 : Level} → is-singleton l2 A a) → is-contr A
  is-contr-is-singleton A a S = is-contr-ind-singleton A a (pr1 ∘ S)
```

> ### Singleton induction for propositions

Reviewer: Let's call this subsingleton induction. That has a nice ring to it.

Then `ind-singleton-is-prop` would become `ind-subsingleton`.

Reviewer: If we're going to call it subsingleton induction, then we can also easily give this principle its own file.

Author: Ah, good idea!

Author: Let me know what you think of the new formulation. Both files probably deserve a short explanation of the induction principle

```agda
abstract

>   ind-singleton-is-prop :
>     {l1 l2 : Level} {A : UU l1} (a : A) (is-prop-A : is-prop A)
>     (B : A → UU l2) → B a → (x : A) → B x

Reviewer: This principle would make more sense on its own if it would be formulated as follows:

```suggestion
  ind-subsingleton :
    {l1 l2 : Level} {A : UU l1} (is-prop-A : is-prop A)
    (B : A → UU l2) → (a : A) → B a → (x : A) → B x
```

Then it takes as an argument a type with a proof that it is a proposition, and it concludes a induction principle that for every B you can construct a section of B if you can find an element in one of its fibers.
